{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh17180\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Develop a booklet introducing visitors to Nyari Residents Welfare Society (NRWS). Here is some example text \'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Nyari Estate.  Thank you for participating in our community whether you do so as a visitor or as a resident. This booklet is meant to introduce you to some of the facilities in the estate in particular the water bodies and wetland areas which together with the tree planted road verges and childrens space are an integral part of our lives here and that make healthy living possible for all of us. This booklet is also meant to serve as a guide to Nyari's bylaws that all of us adhere to and follow. Follow the rules and regulations in this booklet and the bylaws so that we can all live together harmoniously. \
\
The Water Resources Management Authority (WRMA) and the National Environmental Management Authority (NEMA) have passed authority for the care and upkeep of the estate including it's lakes to Nyari Residents Welfare Society (NRWS). NRWS therefore informs you that failure to follow these and the rules contained in the bylaws will lead to your being sanctioned by the estate, referred to the relevant management committee and possibly even to prosecution.\
\
Residents living on the lakes are permitted to be on the lakes at any time. Visitors must inform the office every time they are come to the estate with the intention of boating, fishing, sailing or making any other use of the lake(s). The office requires all non-resident/visitor users to sign a disclaimer form every time they intend to be on the water. Any body of water in any location worldwide is a hazard and injury or loss of life is a possibility that can arise at any time in the most unexpected ways. We have had three (3) deaths by drowning on the main lake over the years. One of those persons families resorted to suing NRWS for that tragic loss of life. The NRWS does not provide life savers, first aid equipment, rescue or medical facilities. All persons residents and visitors to NRWS use the lakes entirely at their own risks and hold the NRWS harmless against any incident arising from such use. YOU MUST SIGN A DISCLAIMER ACKNOWLEDING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOON THESE NOTES HEREING, THE BYLAWS AND ARE BOUND BY THEM.\
\

\fs48 The booklet should incorporate NRWS bylaws which you will find in the directory /Users/drnealaggarwal/Nyari into booklet/Nyari booklet.rtf on this computer.}